So I’ve spent years researching and preparing, and today, I’m going to compress all of that into just one 10-minute
video—how to get into Imperial College London—from someone who's about to start there as a Math and Computer Science
student. I want to start with something that’s shaped my entire approach to school, and life, in general: mindset.

Earlier today, while I was on the train, I found myself thinking back to a moment from when I was in the third grade.
Just stay with me here. I was at a restaurant, sitting at this wooden table. The table had these small engravings along
its edges. They immediately caught my attention. My gaze kept drifting down to those patterns like they were some secret
code waiting to be noticed. I remember trying to find shapes hidden within them—like how you look for pictures in
clouds. It amazed me how something so small, so easily overlooked, could capture my attention so deeply.

Now, there’s a tree outside my window. I catch myself admiring it every day. I notice its rough, uneven bark, weathered
and full of little details. Having watched it grow for the last two years, I’ve realized that in certain moments—when
the sun hits just right, and the wind blows softly—its branches stretch out almost like they’re alive, quietly thriving
without anyone really noticing. It reminds me of those engravings from my childhood.

There’s just something about these details that captivates me—their quiet, unassuming nature. Most people pass them by
without a second glance, but for those willing to look closely, they hold a whole world of meaning.

So, why am I telling you all this? Because I think that this approach—to notice the small things and find what resonates
with you—has shaped my experiences in school as well. Instead of focusing on what I ‘should’ be doing to impress others
or tick off boxes, I focused on what genuinely felt meaningful to me. The activities I chose, the projects I took
on—they weren’t about fitting into a mold or creating a perfect application. It was about finding joy in those
experiences. Like those engravings and the tree, they captivated my attention, and that alone was enough to make them
worthwhile.

It’s easy to get caught up in the idea that everything we do has to fit into a grand plan or be part of some perfect
formula. But looking back, what truly mattered weren’t the obvious accomplishments or the things most visible to others.
It was those quiet moments that felt authentic—the ones where I was doing things for myself, not because they’d look
good on paper.

In a way, you could say that my tree is only mine for rent. I don’t know how many people have glanced at it before me or
will notice it after I’m gone. But for now, it’s mine to enjoy. It’s something I get to witness in this fleeting moment.
And that’s enough. I’m part of its story, even if only for a little while.

And that’s how I view everything I’ve done in school too. The clubs, the projects—they weren’t mine to keep forever, but
during the time I was involved, I poured my heart into them. Someone else was there before me, and others will continue
after I’m gone, but for my time, I made them count. And if my small mark can inspire others to build upon it, then I’ve
done something right.

I’m not saying the tree is some grand metaphor for life—well, maybe a little. But it does symbolize something important:
the beauty in these temporary moments and the connections we make along the way. We should cherish them, prioritize
them. Because in the end, that’s what makes the journey so worthwhile.

I could sit here and list out the things I did or read you my accomplishments. But just like no two fingerprints match,
neither do two people’s interests or experiences. It wouldn’t be valuable for you to hear a script of my life when your
path is going to be so unique.

You wouldn't be any good to anybody if you didn't do what you love. It’s cliché, I know, but it’s the best advice anyone
can give. Live in the present, truly immerse yourself in whatever you’re doing, and make the most out of it. When you’re
genuinely passionate, everything else will fall into place.

So, whether your goal is to get into Imperial or achieve something else entirely, I hope this has been helpful.
Remember, while there’s always an element of luck in everything we do, what matters most is following what excites you
and pursuing it wholeheartedly. That is all that you can control anyways

Thank you for watching.  I might have more videos/prose about the college process coming soon, so stay tuned.
